# Approach

The first change I made to this project was to factor out the product card component. This seemed like a good way to gain an understanding of Angular's components, and I felt refactoring was a good entry point into learning the codebase. I then moved on to fixing the ambiguous main form validation errors and implementing the missing unit tests - in general, using the existing code as a reference in an effort to keep standards and practices consistent across the codebase.

I enjoyed the chance to exercise some creativity when implementing an improved error feedback system, designing a toast component and service to display timed messages, which also gave me a chance to begin learning both RxJS and Angular's animation system. While developing the component I introduced a bug caused by a new toast being cleared by the previous toast's timeout - having fixed this, I introduced a unit test to ensure such cases function correctly in future. With the toast system implemented, I decided to add a second "success" toast type to be shown when operations are successful.

To prevent the form being cleared when validation errors occurred, it was necessary to prevent `resetForm` being called when the product service returned validation errors. My initial approach was to pass an Observable into the `product-form` component, using events from it to trigger form resets. The parent would then trigger an event on this observable when the product service call succeeded. However, this approach caused the parent `app` and child `product-form` component to be too tightly coupled, with the latter relying on the former's event implementation to function properly. As a result, I decided to move the logic for creating and updating products into the `product-form` component itself, improving its reusability and isolation.
